c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.pdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.pdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.MoviesPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.dll.mdb
c:\users\lazar\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.pdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\System.Core.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Mono.Dynamic.Interpreter.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\Xamarin.iOS.xml
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.MoviesPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.dll
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.pdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\obj\Debug\MoviesApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\lazar\Source\Repos\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\MoviesApp\bin\Debug\MoviesApp.dll.mdb
